changelog/Added Invary Runtime Integrity initial integration metadata (#2124)
DataDog/integrations-extras: invary_runtime_integrity/README.md

# Invary Runtime Integrity

> Visualize the Runtime Integrity of your Invary managed operating systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visualize the Runtime Integrity of your Invary managed operating systems.
```

## Overview

> Invary validates the Runtime Integrity of operating systems and detects rootkits that can deceive other systems.  This integration comes with a pre-built dashboard to visualize your Runtime Integrity, providing confidence in your runtime security or spotlighting endpoints that lack integrity and may be compromised.  The Invary dashboard also provides insights into your operating system inventory at runtime, including distributions and kernel versions in use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invary validates the Runtime Integrity of operating systems and detects rootkits that can deceive other systems. This integration comes with an out-of-the-box dashboard that visualizes your Runtime Integrity, providing confidence in your runtime security or spotlighting endpoints that lack integrity and may be compromised. The Invary dashboard also provides insights into your operating system inventory at runtime, including distributions and kernel versions in use. 
```

> This integration utilizes the [Invary API][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration uses the [Invary API][1].
```

## Setup

- Once this integration has been uninstalled, any previous authorizations are revoked. 

> - Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the API Keys page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page][3].
```

### Installation

> The Invary integration allows for the forwarding of your endpoint and appraisal details from the Invary SaaS platform to your Datadog instance. No additional installation is needed on your server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Invary integration allows you to forward details about your endpoint and appraisal from the Invary SaaS platform to your Datadog instance. No additional installation is needed on your server.
```

### Configuration

> 1. Complete the OAuth Authorization flow allowing Invary to communicate with your Datadog instance
> 2. Review the "Invary Runtime Integrity" dashboard for an aggregate look at your Runtime Integrity 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Complete the OAuth Authorization flow allowing Invary to communicate with your Datadog instance.
2. Review the "Invary Runtime Integrity" dashboard for an aggregate look at your Runtime Integrity.
```

### Validation

> 1. Review the "Invary Runtime Integrity" dashboard for timely and expected appraisal information
> 2. Query your Logs with the 'source:invary' base query
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the "Invary Runtime Integrity" dashboard for timely and expected appraisal information.
2. Query your logs with the 'source:invary' base query.

```

## Data Collected

> ### Logs

Reviewer: Just to clarify, this integration doesn't include any metrics, events, or service checks right?

Author: That's right. At this point, it is directly driven by logs. Our customers will want to have the raw source data even if we later add persistent aggregated views like metrics and events. Are there any particular cautions from Datadog about preparation we should do if we think we might later add more functions to the integration?

Reviewer: Thanks for the information! Adding some boilerplate text here, and when you want to add more functions later, you can update accordingly.

> Invary forwards your Runtime Integrity appraisal results with the 'source:invary' tag 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invary forwards your Runtime Integrity appraisal results with the 'source:invary' tag. 
```

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Invary Support][2].

[1]: https://developers.invary.com/

> [2]: mailto:support@invary.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[2]: mailto:support@invary.com
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys
```

# Invary Runtime Integrity

> Visualize the Runtime Integrity of your Invary managed operating systems.

Reviewer 2: This won't render on the tile, please move to underneath the ## Overview section.

Author: Updated

## Overview

> Invary validates the Runtime Integrity of operating systems and detects rootkits that can deceive other systems. This integration comes with an out-of-the-box dashboard that visualizes your Runtime Integrity, providing confidence in your runtime security or spotlighting endpoints that lack integrity and may be compromised. The Invary dashboard also provides insights into your operating system inventory at runtime, including distributions and kernel versions in use. 

Reviewer 2: Can you add a bit more detail about exactly what kind of data will live on the dashboard? I see down further that you're submitting logs, it would be helpful to mention that here and talk about what kinds of logs are being submitted.

Author: Sure, I'll work on tweaks with our leadership team.

Author: @anawishnoff I have added some copy around trending and the appraisals our tool performs.

This integration uses the [Invary API][1].

## Setup

- Once this integration has been uninstalled, any previous authorizations are revoked. 

> - Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page][3].

Reviewer 2: Can you create an `### Uninstallation` section, and add this under there? This will live underneath `### Validation`.

Author: Updated

### Installation

The Invary integration allows you to forward details about your endpoint and appraisal from the Invary SaaS platform to your Datadog instance. No additional installation is needed on your server.

### Configuration

1. Complete the OAuth Authorization flow allowing Invary to communicate with your Datadog instance.
2. Review the "Invary Runtime Integrity" dashboard for an aggregate look at your Runtime Integrity.

### Validation

1. Review the "Invary Runtime Integrity" dashboard for timely and expected appraisal information.

> 2. Query your logs with the 'source:invary' base query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Query your logs with the `source:invary` base query.
```

## Data Collected

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Metrics

The Invary Runtime Integrity integration does not include any service checks.

### Service Checks

The Invary Runtime Integrity integration does not include any service checks.

### Events

The Invary Runtime Integrity integration does not include any events.
```

Author: @alai97 Thanks for the feedback. Do we want it to read "does not include any metrics." under the ###Metrics heading?

### Logs

> Invary forwards your Runtime Integrity appraisal results with the 'source:invary' tag. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Invary forwards your Runtime Integrity appraisal results with the `source:invary` tag. 
```
